hello again sitech friends and today you
I want to present good as it is
custom the latest reviews we have
made a new bass terminal
cost a Chinese terminal again what
we have purchased on the website
jiang bites and it is a terminal that has
cost scarcely 55 euros without
I agree with the truth that it is a terminal that
for what it costs although I read by
in many forums that good the new the
new junk phone option
Chinese phone anyway, my opinion is
which is a phone that for the price
what size is quite good here
we can see more what is achieved
understand obviously but good is already
this information tells us that it is a
phone that has 3g a Chinese phone
for 30 and for forgiveness for 55 euros that
has connectivity h
h is due to in 2100 megahertz of
agreement that is important I repeat it
always many publications from me
of my page the 2100 megahertz are not
the same as the 900
it works very well but good
you have followed it in enough in
enough publications as recommended
are phones that have both
coverage bands but in the absence of
of 900 megaherties well received is
the one of 2,100 we continue with the unboxing
of the telephone
here we will choose a booklet of
instructions which I honestly believe
that will be of little help to us as
you can see everything is absolutely everything
about what is the booklet of
guarantee something that in principle also
it's going to be of little theory
let's get to Chinese store
Here we are determined
perfectly wrapped in bags
perfectly wrapped
let's see
take it out here
wrong
as you see is a terminal
very very very much like we did
the review did not too long ago
from the psd to 9,300 let's go we'll finish
in many forums because of its low cost
of this terminal
they talked a lot they found solutions
for your router which makes me
surprise that for this we have
listing hardly attention because
good
physically the phone is very very
similar but
stations are superior the great
problem that the terminal had to
it was the rom memory this terminal comes
perfectly solved since it has
according to biological specifications
in agreement
well here, if we continue to take
little things we see a battery
we see your headphones
open it for you to see
[Music]
we have
your suction cup headphones
a very important detail detail since
sorry we were not seeing anything
detail event headphones
quite important that most
phones and even congregates more
high
[Music]
both the microphone and the
the phone hanger and the
pretty peg
it has more history and good what
we will keep going to entertain a lot
here the cable cited as always and many
sometimes it happens to us we have cable quoted no
they agree not
you will not have the possibility of using all
the microusb cables
that we have here the heart
we will be a bit limited to using the
his own
but it's not a battery because it's
pretty good 2050 megahertz sorry
milliamps and
and good
I try it and
and the consumption is quite pretty good
I mean, the day the phone
it happens without any kind of problem that
you carry a bag with
instead for the circulars and here
power adapter according
Chinese bullying adapter with your
corresponding European adapter
if we look at the phone the phone is
a clear imitation of a galaxy nights
your usb plug your plastic which already
half I have detached it for that use
for little here
a power button plug jack
i
volume up volume down all the
chrome finish
in the back we have the speaker
of a bottom part certainly in the
we have it in that corner and a
pretty pretty important detail is
that this terminal comes
with
with a led flash for a camera
photos is worth the photo camera is a
camera of 5 megapixels and good
the photos then in the line of a
Chinese phone ok we can not no
We can boast of photographs but
but neither are they trash
true
I've been testing a little now
the good camera if you feel
I repeat all this that has been in the
context of a 55 euro telephone
a terminal that perfectly covers the
expectations go in the price at which
we can count
if someone is interested, he wants
buy it you do not know how you do not know where
can you contact me on the page
web or is directly managed the
buy or I'll tell you where you can
get
that's all friends as the famous said
the famous cartoon character
shortly I will make a video review in the
phone working and how like
Spanishize the agreement because
just as it happened to us with the csd this
phone comes good in Chinese and without
bubble
greetings and until the next video